Improve test descriptions (#30)
ArdanaLabs/Ardana-dApps: docs/whitepaper.tex

\subsection*{Liquidity Token Minting Policy tests}

\begin{itemize}
	\item When minting a different pool's liquidity token on pool open, validation fails.
	\item When minting multiple liquidity token types on pool open, validation fails.
	\item When minting liquidity tokens for a different pool than the pool being spent, validation fails.
	\item When burning liquidity tokens from a different pool than the pool being spent, validation fails.
	\item When minting liquidity tokens for a pool at an address that is not the Pool Address Validator, validation fails.
\end{itemize}

\subsection*{Pool id Token Minting Policy tests}

For this section a "valid pool open" refers to a Tx where

\begin{itemize}
	\item A pool is opened with 100 each of two dummy tokens.
	\item The admin fees are set to 0
	\item the issued liquidity is $\sqrt{A_0 B_0}$ (in this case 100)
	\item the pool liveness is set to true
	\item The transaction should reference the valid config utxo

> 	\item A seed utxo should be chosen

Reviewer: What does being "chosen" mean? It would be useful to drill down to the lower level when defining exactly that should be expected.

	\item The seed utxo is spent
	\item The seed utxo is passed to the pool id minting policy via the redeemer
	\item the pool id is the hash of the seed utxo

> 	\item The same number as the issued liquidity of liquidity tokens of the same id as the pool are minted

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	\item The number of issued liquidity tokens set in the pool's UTxO datum matches the number of liquidity tokens minted from the liquidity token minting policy.
```

Just an idea about how this could be improved.

					and mint 100
				\item One where:
					we only provide 90 of each token
					and in the datum report minting 90
					but actually mint 100
			\end{itemize}
	\item Can't open pool with 0 liquidity
		\\ To test this we should fail to validate a tx where
			both amounts and the liquidity are zero
	\item Can't open pool with 0 of either exchange token
		\\ To test this we should fail to validate two Txs
		one where each currency amount is zero
	\item A utxo without the config NFT can't be used to open a pool
		\\ To test this we should
		produce an identical config utxo without the NFT
		and then fail to validate a tx
		where the invalid config utxo is referenced instead
	\item Can't mint more than 1 token
		\\ To test this we should fail to validate a tx where
		two pool id tokens are minted
	\item Can't send identifier token to non-pool address
		\\ To test this we should fail to validate a tx where
		the pool id NFT is kept by the user
	\item Can't mint pool with wrong pool id
		\\ To test this we should fail to validate a tx where
		the token name of the minted id is ``aaaa"
	\item Can't mint without spending seed Tx
		\\ To test this we should fail to validate a tx where

> 		the seed utxo is not spent

Reviewer: What I was planning on doing with this was converting them to the language "Given ____, validation should ____" like the above for consistency's sake. Then going from reading the whitepaper to reading the tests is a little less jarring.

\end{itemize}

\subsection*{Pool Address Validator tests}

Terms

A Valid pool refers to
A pool as created by the ``valid pool open" described in the section above
except with initial balances of $2,000,000$ and $1,000,000$.

> meaning the issued liquidity is $1,414,214$.

Reviewer: Shouldn't this be `1732.05080757` = the square root of 2m of A * 3m of B?

Also do you mean the total issues liquidity tokens?
